CS22120 Project: Group 14
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members except Kacper, plus project manager 
Place and date of meeting: LL-C57a, Tuesday 15th February 2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Jac Lingard
Date of minutes: 17th February 2022
Version: 1.1

Matters arising:
===========
1. All group members have caught up on the appropriate documentation

2. Thomas and Jay have started the UI design and will continue with working on it. They also gave a presentation on use cases.

3. Hassan and Kacper have made a resting table.

4. Dylan, Sebastian, Ali and Eric have started to work on the coding aspect of the project and will continue to work on this 

5. Jac has looked over the review standards and configuration management documents

New business:
===========
1. Membership of group

Project Leader: Thomas Wilkinson [tjw21]
Deputy: Jay Staddon [jas130]

2. Keeping up to date

2.1 All group members need to read the documents relavent to the work they are doing in order to have a better understanding of their work's contents and how their work should be presented/submitted.
ACTION: Everyone

2.2 All group members to add a 3rd blog to the repository by 5pm on monday.
ACTION: Everyone

2.3 All group members need to make sure they change the version of the documents they are working on every time they are updated / revised.
ACTION: Everyone


3. Initial Tasks

3.1 Thomas and Jay need to explore more use-cases.
ACTION: tjw21, jas130

3.2 Hassan and Kacper need to continue working on a draft of the Test spec in order for it to be ready by the week starting the 28th.
ACTION: haf22, kap48

3.3 Jac needs to make sure the repository is as it's described in the QA documents and research into more advanced ways of using GitLab.
ACTION: jal74

3.4 Sebastion, Eric and Dylan need to continue with the work they have been doing (stated in the previous minutes document).
ACTION: ses35, dym27, haz15

3.5 Ali needs to complete and upload a blog for the second week
ACTION: alb113

3.6 Jac needs to sort out the problem with the 2 versions of the minutes for the second week and make sure only one is on the repository.
ACTION: jal74

3.7 Thomas, Jay and Ali need to finish the User Interface spec to the standards stated in QA.04 in order to be submitted at the next weekly meeting.
ACTION: alb113, jas130, tjw21

AOB
===
NONE

Minutes by jal74, 17/02/2022.
