CS22120 Project: Group 14
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members except Thomas, Ali and Dylan, plus project manager 
Place and date of meeting: LL-C57a, Tuesday 1st March 2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Jac Lingard
Date of minutes: 2nd March 2022
Version: 1.1

Matters arising:
===========
1. Blogs have yet to be fully completed for all previous weeks

2. The small changes have been made for the UI spec and it has been reviewed and submitted

3. The test spec has been finished to a standard where it is ready for it to be reviewed by the group 

4. The dev folder will need to be started on after Chris Loftus is emailed

5. All the group members previously working on the code have made progress and will continue to work on it.

New business:
===========
1. Keeping up to date

1.1 All group members to add a 5th blog to the repository by 5pm on monday.
ACTION: Everyone


2. Initial Tasks

2.1 Jac needs to email chris loftus about the dev folder contents
ACTION: jal74

2.2 Thomas or Jay need to create a work spreadsheet
ACTION: tjw21, jas130

2.3 Finish the test spec for review on friday
ACTION: kap48, haf22

2.4 Review the test spec 
ACTION: Everyone

AOB
===
Everyone needs to make sure the project manager is informed about anyone being absent before the weekly meeting

Minutes by jal74, 02/03/2022.