CS22120 Project: Group 14
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members except Ali plus project manager 
Place and date of meeting: LL-C57a, Tuesday 8th March 2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Jac Lingard
Date of minutes: 9th March 2022
Version: 1.0

Matters arising:
===========
1. Blogs have yet to be fully completed for all previous weeks

2. The test spec draft has been finished, reviewed and submitted 

3. All the group members previously working on the code have made progress and will continue to work on it.

4. Thomas and Jay have made progress on the spreadsheet and will continue on it 

5. We have recieved advice on what the dev folder should contain and will start on it this week

New business:
===========
1. Keeping up to date

1.1 All group members to add a 6th blog to the repository by 5pm on monday.
ACTION: Everyone


2. Initial Tasks

2.1 Jac needs to make a minutes document for the test spec review
ACTION: jal74, 

2.2 Thomas and Jay need to continue with the work spreadsheet
ACTION: tjw21, jas130

2.3 Jac and Kacper work on the dev folder
ACTION: jal74, kap48

2.4 Eric needs to continue work on the board
ACTION: haz15

2.5 Thomas and Jay need to work on the improvements to the UI spec and presentation based on the feedback from Chris' review
ACTION: tjw21, jas130

2.6 Sebastian will work on coding the tests
ACTION: ses35

2.7 Jac needs to improve the repository to be in the format that the QA documents and the feedback have given
ACTION: jal74

AOB
===
Everyone needs to make sure the project manager is informed about anyone being absent before the weekly meeting

Minutes by jal74, 09/03/2022.