CS22120 Project: Group 14
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members except Hassan plus project manager 
Place and date of meeting: LL-C57a, Tuesday 15th March 2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Jac Lingard
Date of minutes: 16th March 2022
Version: 1.0

Matters arising:
===========
1. Blogs have yet to be fully completed for all previous weeks

2. Work on the dev folder has been started and will need to be continued

3. More progress on the work spreadsheet has been made 

4. Improvments to the UI work have been made

5. Some tests have been made but more will need to be completed in the upcoming weeks

New business:
===========
1. Keeping up to date

1.1 All group members to add a 7th blog to the repository by 5pm on monday.
ACTION: Everyone


2. Initial Tasks

2.1 Jac needs to improve the repository to be in the format that the QA documents and the feedback have given
ACTION: jal74

2.2 More tests need to be completed in order to get up to the desired amount of tests
ACTION: kap48, haf22

2.3 Futher work on the design spec needs to be made 
ACTION: tjw21, jal74, ses35, alb113

2.4 Work on the UI needs to be continued
ACTION: haz15, dym27, jas130 

2.5 Review any changes made to the UI spec / presentation
ACTION: jal74


AOB
===
None

Minutes by jal74, 16/03/2022.