CS22120 Project: Group 14
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting
Persons present: All project members except Sebastian and Hassan plus project manager 
Place and date of meeting: LL-C57a, Tuesday 22th March 2022

Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager
Author: Jac Lingard
Date of minutes: 23th March 2022
Version: 1.0

Matters arising:
===========
1. Blogs have yet to be fully completed for all previous weeks

2. Code has been moved to dev file but more will need to be done for the tutorial folders 

3. Improvments to the UI work have been made and reviewed

4. Some tests have been made but more will need to be completed in the upcoming weeks

5. A draft of the design spec has been made but will need further work before the review

New business:
===========
1. Keeping up to date

1.1 All group members to add a 8th blog to the repository by 5pm on monday.
ACTION: Everyone


2. Initial Tasks

2.1 The ships movement on the first turn needs to be changed to meet the requirements
ACTION: ses35

2.2 More tests need to be completed in order to get up to the desired amount of tests
ACTION: kap48, haf22

2.3 Futher work on the design spec needs to be made before friday, especially on finishing 5.3
ACTION: tjw21, jal74, ses35, alb113

2.4 Work on the UI needs to be continued
ACTION: haz15, dym27, jas130 

2.5 Test spec needs to be online for easy access and also needs to have Issue No. added when changed next in the change history table
ACTION: kap48, haf22


AOB
===
Formal review for the design spec will need to be held of friday the 25th	`

Minutes by jal74, 23/03/2022.